ladies and gentleman welcome to the
Americans me for 2014
yes ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
story of the American to be first 2014
all to give this proper title the
American speed best troops clearly we're
naming these things like film sequels
now mean what next return of the
speedfest a good day to speedfest speed
fest 5 so after last year's first ever
American speedfest at brands hatch
couldn't really get any better
considering where we are in a country
which a loves to laugh Americans for
being stupid and be especially loves to
laugh at Nazca being stupid because her
they called turn white how do you
explain an attendance of over 20,000
people I'll explain it for you when you
have a race meeting which feels more
like a rock festival you have a recipe
for an awesome time most importantly the
on track racing in this best for the
bands on stage were all awesome there
was crave intermark racing that was
pickup truck racing which is the only
series in the world that thinks it's
acceptable to go for wide into a hairpin
there was the bernese v8 and big bangers
which have two rules one you're only
allowed v8 engine cars and two
absolutely no moaning and of course the
headline act which was the NASCAR Whelen
euro series
now I'd like to say that after a few
doubts a little bit last year the nascar
whelen euro serious doesn't like it's
going away anytime soon they sign the
title sponsorship deal with we none last
year and it's really starting to become
a cemented NASCAR Touring Series go
alongside the canadian tire series in
the corona mexico series the grid this
year swelled to up to 30 cars now put
this many angry stock cars and anguish
car drivers on a fairly tight little
road course and i don't need to explain
here's what happened Boogedy Boogedy
Boogedy let's go racing boys i'm trying
to get round the outside of anthony
comfort but it is going to be
gobble
don't
hello
he gets back going we stay green
on the buyers
what
caution is out we are going to a green
white checker we're going to overtime
this changes everything green flags out
here comes the pain train
where we all know the cautions plead
cautious and the race has ended under
caution villere no takes the checkered
flag and that sucks spot which car pulls
the final portion
I wonder I like are we still going
though
sighs car sliding slamming into the in
fear totally uncalled for so that was
the story of American speedfest two and
one an event it was big thanks to
everyone involved especially NASCAR fans
UK race gear UK and road to race models
we made the day even more awesome if
that was already possible and are all
big supporters of team bomber sports we
love you guys so until next time mark
the date in your diary some of the jun
2015 it's good to go